[Music]
do you like robots well I'm giving you
the unique chance to visit their world
with a secret mission are you up for it
if you said yes I've got robot riddles
for you and you have ten seconds to
solve each of them if you need more time
feel free to pause the video let's see
if you can solve them all and win number
one welcome to the world of robots
there's just one law here to cross the
border you have to figure out what that
law is there are books but no words
mirrors but no reflections there are
doors but there's neither an entrance
nor an exit and there are riddles
waiting for you but no answers so can
you guess what the robot law is time's
up do you have an answer for me
everything in robot world must have
double letters in its name now that you
know the law you're off to the next
riddle - there are plenty of robots in
robot world so they have to share rooms
with each other at night they group in
the center of the room and go into sleep
mode it helps them recharge there are
two robots in front of another pair of
robots there are two robots behind
another pair and finally two robots are
beside two other robots can you tell how
many robots share a room
[Music]
as crowded as it might sound there are
actually just four of them they sleep in
square formations three the robots are
back to active mode again now there are
twenty of them in a room remember I
mentioned you're visiting them with a
secret mission it's to take pictures of
the secret gadgets they plan to use
against humans your camera is super
small and only one robot can detect it
every robot in the room can see the
entire room and every other robot
without turning their head or body they
only move their eyes where should you
place the camera so that the one robot
that can recognize the camera won't see
it I give you ten seconds to find that
perfect hiding place
[Music]
I'm sure you managed to figure it out
you just had to place it on the back of
the smart robots head for robots don't
like to be outsmarted by humans they
figured out what you're up to and put
you in a high-tech prison you won't give
up of course and you managed to escape
from your cell one of the robots pushed
the alarm button and now there's a
thousand of them chasing you you run to
a table you see a screwdriver a water
gun and a glass of water on it you can
use the screwdriver to unscrew the vents
and get to the roof you could use the
water gun against the robots or you
could try throwing the glass of water at
them which of the tools will you pick
[Music]
dimes up if you chose to use the
screwdriver you'll drill your way out
onto the roof when you get on it CCTV
cameras will spot you and more robots
will come after you if you take the
water gun it won't help you either
because I didn't say there was water in
it oh-ho so your best bet is the glass
of water even if it seems too simple
when you splash it on the robots you'll
gain some time to run away five you're
this close to escaping but you get into
another room where you notice two doors
one of them leads to safety and the
other one to a room that's on fire there
are two robots by the doors one robot
always tells the truth and the other one
always lies you can ask only one robot
only one question what question will you
ask to escape to safety you're ten
seconds to think it over start right now
do you know the question yet you should
ask either of the robots what door with
the other robot tell me leads to safety
6 you escaped from prison run as fast as
you can and in no time get to the border
between the east and west of robot world
there's a bridge across the river and
one robot guard on each end of it the
blue robot is watching over the east
side and the red robot is controlling
the West the blue robot asked the red
robot if he'd seen any intruders the red
robot flashed his red light this is the
robot equivalent of rolling eyes the
blue robot then told the red robot he
flashes his lights way too much how
could he have seen it if they're
responsible for watching over the
opposite sides of their world
[Music]
did you manage to solve this mystery the
blue robot stands on the western side of
the bridge watching over the east of
robot world the red robot is watching
over the West and so he stands on the
eastern side the robots can see each
other perfectly while on duty seven
you're traveling around robot world and
see a large group of locals watching
something turns out robots also love
races just like humans except they don't
ride horses they control other robots
that compete in the final round robot
cheetah Dino robot and robot dog compete
against each other it looks like two of
them crossed the finish line at the same
time a photo finish determines it was XR
12 that made it first 0.1 seconds before
Z i-43
yet the trophy is awarded to Mr X 32
neither Z are 12 nor Z i-43 have broken
the rules so why did the judges decide
to give the prize to Mr X 32
[Music]
well like I told you
robots don't race horses but control
other robots racing and mr x32
is the name of the robot that was
controlling XR 12 to victory simple as
that
eight not all is smooth in robot world
remember there's the west and the east
both like to compete and spy on each
other because you solved so many robot
riddles already the robot police are
asking you for help there are three
robot spies and it looks like one of
them is a double agent when you
interview them dr 17 says th 65 is a
double agent
th 65 says fe 15 is a double agent and
fe 15 claims th 65 is a liar you know
that double agents lie normal agents
tell the truth and there's just one
double agent can you figure out who it
is your time's up so th 65 is a double
agent
dr 17 and fe 15 are telling the truth
because they aren't double agents in any
other case it would be impossible for
only one robot to be lying
nine someone spread the word about how
smart you are and now a group of robots
is asking you for help there are a
hundred of them that are kept in robot
prison for things they didn't actually
do they're given a chance to be set free
but they have to work out a strategy and
this is where they need your help each
robot has its own cell that soundproof
sealed off and has no windows there's
one large hall with a light bulb that
light bulb is in the off position every
day one robot it can be any of them is
brought in there they can flip the light
switch or leave it as it is if one of
the robots is able to determine when all
100 of them have already been in the
hall all the robots will be free if that
robot is wrong all of them will be set
in permanent sleep mode so they must be
careful about what they say the robots
are allowed to discuss a strategy just
once what would you recommend they do
give it some serious thought the future
of a hundred robots depends on it
here's the winning strategy appoint one
robot a lead robot tell it that it's the
only one that can switch the light off
all the other robots will turn the light
on if it's off when they walk into the
hall but they can only do it once the
lead robot will keep turning the light
off when it's on and count how many
times it did that when it does it for
the 99th time it will know every other
robot has been in the hall because they
will have turned on the light once this
will be the right moment to say all the
robots have been in the hall and they'll
all be set free now you have
successfully fulfilled your mission in
robot land and can go home a hero
all right human how many riddles did you
manage to solve let me know down in the
comments
if you learn something new today then
give this video a like and share it with
a friend but hey don't go doing the
robot just yet we have over 2000 cool
videos for you to check out all you have
to do is pick the left or right video
click on it and enjoy stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]